[URI of the OWL(RDF/XML) output file]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/GENEPIO/imports/foodon_import.owl

[Source ontology]
FOODON

[Low level source term URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03411564 # food source
includeAllChildren

# unorganized stuff is awkward at moment:
#http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_00001002 # product type, foodon
#includeAllChildren

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_00002381 # food product by organism
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03311737 # processed food product
includeAllChildren 

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03470107 # preservation method
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03450002 # cooking method
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03490100 # container or wrapping
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03500010 # food contact surface
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03480020 # packing medium
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03440011 # extent of heat treatment
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03430113 # physical state shape or form
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03510136 # consumer type
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03420116 # part of plant or animal
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03510032 # food dietairy use/claim
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03530146 # cut of meat
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03530050 # degree of plant maturity
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03530206 # preparation environment
includeAllChildren
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ancestro_0004 # food cultural origin
includeAllChildren


http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FOODON_03460111 # treatment applied # Suggest not using this for now, options are too eclectic.


[Top level source term URIs and target direct superclass URIs]


[Source term retrieval setting]
includeNoIntermediates

[Source annotation URIs]
http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000115 #iao:definition
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasDbXref
# WONT ALLOW includeAllAxioms !!!!!!

[Source annotation URIs to be excluded]
